Helen will come back to the course on statistics for analytics.
So previously we left off here.
And by the way we're still we're solving the challenge for Section 1.
We're talking about the boutique close high end boutique clothes store and the line of clothes are creating
for very tall people.
We create these traditions.
The one we sold the challenge a long time ago we found ourselves over here then we've created distributions
for men and women.
The only thing that we're now doing extra is recreating the charts so we create a child.
But the problem here is that when a date.
So if we just go into any cell click enter these random values update the charts don't update and we
don't like that.
We want to we want to have the charts of data as well.
So let's go ahead and find a way to do that I'm going to delete this.
I'm going to delete this as well.
Because we don't need that.
And I just want to get rid of that formatting here so for my pain or pain this way.
Area.
So we have bins man women.
So let's deal with men for now.
We're going to say here we're going to say men like just a quick way of putting them into these bins
is understand like you we need frequency function and in order to use a frequency function these have
to already be in this form and so we need to put them in the bins.
We can see that the bins are 50 51 So they're basically every inch is and you've been going around disvalue
here so kind of like a quick shortcut.
You'd have to be creative every time like if it was something else like 50 to 60 to 70 and so on then
you would have to find a way to put them put these values into those bits so let's see which B-M each
one of the values goes into.
So we're going to say around that zero digits.
There you go.
So it's rounding like it's rounding it up.
Right.
Or what is it doing this rounding up when like that seventy two point one or down.
So it's just basically around and I think that's fair up or down doesn't matter as long as it's like
below 0.5.
Then it's down above and up.
So that's the rounded values.
Now we want to split them out by Binz.
So we already have the being's values So maybe let's add some some order here.
So we have the beans values that.
And then we have men men rounded for men we want.
Probably the better way then is if we take this I'm going to cut this and put this in here a bit of
creative approach.
So we have men men right now we have the beans.
Now we're going to split these into bins and this is the tricky part.
We're going to move this away so that it's not so that we folks focus on this part of the chart or of
Excel So here we're going to say free and see where you have the bins there.
There are no beans.
Now we want to see how often we see this value in this column.
So this column is really pretty much not going to be used except for that's where the randomness comes
comes from.
So now we want to see how frequent each one of these values is inside this call and to do that we're
going to have a frequency function.
The challenging part here is that it's an airy function and I don't use houri functions that often and
you need them very rarely.
They're very special type of function and you'll see just now.
So if you haven't used these before don't worry it just is just a way to be able to into this cell because
basically what we need to do is we need to calculate the frequency of from here across these viruses
is a lot of it's just like this plus this or something it's across a whole array and then across a whole
array here.
So that's where Indian art functions.
I'll show you how to create one frequency.
Then here you say the data array is is these guys consulship down and just go back up comma and in the
bins array since this one will down and then you close the bracket.
But now I'm just going to copy this so I don't lose it.
Now if I if I'm here and I just press enter nothing will happen and I could just copy this down and
it will all be zeros.
What do you need to and just pay attention to this formula here what you need to do is go in so I clicked
have to worry just double click and you need to not just press enter each press QUANTRILL shift center.
And now look at that.
Now it has.
If you click on it nothing.
But if you look at it like that what just happened is that again so Press Control shift center.
If you look at it like that you can see that it's got these curly braces around it and that means it's
in every form.
So I'm not going to go into detail on what an airy formula does but which is going to leverage its power
here so we going to copy that.
Then I'm going to delete this because otherwise we're going to have a bit of trouble.
And now what we want to do is we want to start from here.
Press shift go all the way and then type in the value and then press control shift to enter while the
whole the whole thing is selected and then click OK.
There we go.
So now we have values.
Now you can see now it's work and I can see every single cell has got the array.
And so they're kind of all like working together.
So again the following to a lot of detail you can see that we've got our distribution and it looks like
a normal distribution is because of the width of these numbers you can see that the most frequent value
69 which is Amin which is good.
So there's a frequency.
There's Sabean's.
Now we just need to do the same thing here for women.
So we have that's what I want to do.
I want to do same thing.
That's good.
So here we can just copy this value this formula down consulship to our answer.
OK.
Bin's because we just need to copy the beans.
Is it just Constans.
I like a specific beans that work for both men and women and frequency.
So now we going to do something similar to make sure not to change the formula there.
So we wanted frequency not H-2 to 1001 but we want these the frequency of these good.
And then I scroll back up.
We want this part to be the bins these ones over here.
Good.
And so good to copy that just in case.
Good that I copied it.
OK.
So I'm going to go there put the value in and press control shift and throughout the whole of this column
The selected.
And there we go.
So those are all values.
And so now you see if I click somewhere and I'm click you can see that everything updates not just this
but everything.
So now let's make it a bit.
I need her to make.
Like that's it like that we're like this Marsico scroll very far.
So that's OK.
And then I just want to do what's so good one more borders.
I know it's a bit tedious but while this is you know data preparation for you as you know in data science
it's the main thing that takes most of time most time.
So that's exactly what we're doing.
We're making it look great on Roamer and so we want that's that that's that that that's all we want.
And probably like put a split here.
Or just to be very pedantic put a split here.
OK.
Which one did I want to do.
When did you do the last one.
And and one more thing we've done.
OK.
There we go.
So we got men and women here and now we want to just draw the shots.
That's what makes space.
All right so we select frequency up to their inserts and scroll up.
So what do you want when one of these was beautiful and now we're going to just adjust that.
So like data and.
So here what do you want.
Name is going to be men men.
OK.
And then we're going to add another one.
It's going to be women and we're going to select frequency from here.
OK.
And then probably one more thing we need to do is so that looks OK that looks good but doesn't have
the heights so we need to change that as well.
Adam Saag data edit this access label range Sabean's are the same for both.
Which is great.
So I like that.
OK.
All right.
So there we go.
That's our Excel chart.
Boy.
And now quickly format's this thing where it is what I want to for my I think it's.
No no not that for my data series.
There you go.
So put this to gap with 2 0 and then put this to zero as well look much better like that.
And now we can just put it somewhere here it looks nice.
Lovably What does it non-shared legends.
Well anyway we can fix that up later if we need to.
It's pretty we know what's going on so we know it would be pretty cool to have the legends surprise
the legends in on here.
But anyway we know just from the way we've built it that men are blue and women are orange.
So now if I just click anywhere or if I just press control as to save the spreadsheet you'll see it
updates every time.
So you can see that the distributions are updating.
So you basically like your sampling you're sampling your literature or not updating incorrect term.
What's updating is a sample.
So the distribution is fixed.
There you go.
That's that's your parameters of a distribution what you're updating is.
Remember these.
This is coming from these right.
So this is relying on these values.
So you're updating your sample sample of 1000 is being updated every time you press control S and as
you can see this one is always centered around sixty three point seven this one centered around sixty
nine point one.
And you have some variance and also some you know normally like this time you know the mail distribution
is even told in the future.
Well that's kind of like a sampling thing.
That's what's a sampling error is that that you just because of where you take a sample.
It's going to be a bit to the left orbit to the right every time is going to be different so generally
because we know that the standard deviation for the men distribution is higher.
That means that this blue distribution is going to be whiter and shorter and there aren't distribution
is going to be because this penetration is low is going to be narrower and taller but it's not always
the case as we can see sometimes just because of the sampling you know the distribution is going to
be that that's going to be the case for the distribution always.
But for the samples you can see that sometimes this sample is just the way it's sampled because of the
sampling error.
It happens to be.
While this time it's a bit taller than this one.
And again and then another about the same height and distance Stoler.
And this one's taller.
So this is critical I think.
Could you just sit here for a few hours and play around like that.
Do you do you.
I always feel you know like some kind of accomplishment when you've created something like this which
is you know like totally our creation we created this all from scratch.
This is so-call.
Anyway I hope you were able to follow along and I think for sticking around can means you're very dedicated
and curious really respect that.
And yeah hopefully now this clarifies or give you some opportunities to practice a bit more with a distribution's
And if you've never worked with them before you now know a bit more and how they work and what samples
are what the mean is what the standard deviation is.
And now we're ready to proceed with the rest of the course.
And I look for see you there.
Until next I'm happy analyzing.